Build it.
Draw it.
Play it.
Vsauce, Kevin here with some of the coolest
creations from extraordinary people.
This is BiDiPi.
Build it.
Serena Creative made a documentary about,
Bill Czappa, an artist who uses old electronics
to construct unique sculptures.
His workshop doubles as a tv repair store,
and Bill often uses old tv parts for his found
object creations.
His erector set piece, comprised of 13 full
erector sets has been a work in progress for
the past 20 years.
Endre Koronczi blends plastic bags with the
environment.
The Hungarian artist likes to imagine plastic
bags as living breathing things, and puts
together open air installations in which they
co-exist with nature.
Check out his YouTube channel to see them
in motion.
Ivan Owen has a channel that is a build it
dream.
He tackles different DIY projects like an
ultimate cereal eating machine or a corn starch
flamethrower.
SpecificAmbiguity is filled with creations
ranging from an organ backpack and steak-knife
weed whacker to the latest video in which
Ivan and his daughter prank a pizza delivery
guy with musical stairs.
Draw it.
Cristiam Ramos paints famous works of art
on butterfly wings.
Equipped with a magnifying glass, extremely
fine brushes, and oil paint, the Mexican artist
carefully crafts his mini masterpieces.
He also works in other mediums to create legendary
pop culture portraits, like Marilyn Monroe
out of candy or Robin Williams painted with
toothpaste.
Hyde Jii is an engineer who turned an iRobot
Roomba into an abstract painter.
The robot uses multiple bottles of paint attached
to tubes to splash dots and dashes across
a canvas, and Hyde Jii has named the robot
Mr. Head.
And now for the money art of Stephen Barnwell…
Ben Ridgeway created a short experimental
animation called Inner Space Artifacts.
He spent a lot of time thinking about ways
to make new and interesting images and the
final result is mesmerizing.
Play it.
Finnish bluegrass superstars Steve n’ Seagulls
cover Metallica’s Seek and Destroy.
Oneiric Tales is an original song by acoustic
guitar wizard Miguel Rivera.
The music video for King by Grades combines
animation with live action to bring a bored
schoolgirls day dreams to life.
I'm extremely excited to announce you can
now watch my short film over on Field Day.
A channel that's dedicated to giving YouTubers
the opportunity to make a passion project.
I was actually making short films long before
I ever made a Vsauce video and I'm really
proud of this new one.
It blends animation with live action which
is something I've always wanted to do.
So go check it out, click the link at the
top of this video's description.
Give it a thumbs up.
And now for the Vsauce Creative Fan Showcase.
First up is Suspended In Mid Air with visualizations
by Phony.
Aidan designed and made a 3D printed simple
robotic gripper.
It combines flexible and rigid materials connected
to a servo motor and he even made an instructables
page explaining how to make your own.
EyeSea DoughNuts creates incredible cakes
like this Ghostbusters Slimer or this White
Walker Game Of Thrones cake.
The body is made of carved cereal bars and
the head is sponge cake.
Andrew Lightboxes is a DIY master showing
you everything from how to make a reversible
poker and dinner table and installing a patio
door to bending wood into a Rooster.
The Nina Haggerty Centre For The Arts is just
about the best thing.
They encourage developmentally disabled adults
to make art and even help create animations
like The Dentist Is Grumpy by Randy and My
Four Jobs by Andrew and Keltie.
Direct from Lithuania here’s Music InWallved
with Orange city.
William Hughes uses the software mud box and
keyshot to make 3D sculptures.
The Lego Tabletop watt balance was built by
researchers at the National Institue of Standards
and Technology.
It can measure mass to 1% precision and costs
only $400.
And it works by equating technical power to
electromagnetic power.
Submit your BiDiPis to BiDiPi@Vsauce.com or
share them with everyone on Twitter with hashtag
#BiDiPi.
Click here to watch my short film about the
expectations we imagine when we post content
online — and how the hilarious reality of
that isn’t always what we hoped for.
I made this video with Field Day, a new channel
highlighting the creativity of some of the
coolest YouTube channels.
So click the annotation or the link at the
top of this video's description right now.
And as always - thanks for watching.